Georeferencer update issue #3193 (#8498)
qgis/QGIS-Documentation: docs/user_manual/working_with_raster/georeferencer.rst

* The |checkbox| :guilabel:`Use 0 for transparency when needed` can be activated,
  if pixels with the value 0 shall be visualized transparent. In our example
  toposheet, all white areas would be transparent.

> * The |checkbox| :guilabel:`Save GCP Points` automatically save GCP Points in the
>   raster-modified path.

Reviewer: I didn't run the georeferencer recently so just an assumption.
```suggestion
* The |checkbox| :guilabel:`Save GCP Points` will store GCP Points in a file next to the output raster.
```
?
Not clear what "raster-modified **path**" refers to, and using same "wording" as in next line.
And the "automatically" looks a bit confusing to me. This will happen when I generate the output, not as soon as I add a gcp point in the process (at this step the raster modified is probably not created, yet), doesn't it?

Author: @DelazJ yes, that make sense. Thanks
